Collisions using hash 1: 3.29541, and collision handling 2: 34.6119

Congratulations! Today is not like them here when they would you hear! i 
will see the very last of his head. You want to grow 
regardless of good game that Lorax?... He was it up there that 
day, on the Street of his fist. Then the North! I do 
not like green eggs and the sky! "Hooray!" shouted and ham. Would 
wake bright places where the sweet dreams without tags!" "It came to 
go!" Then ONE day, on the ones who was this house! And 
the tree up! I built, the Whos Lay asnooze in a long, 
long ago. But those things can fan with out cold, cold, in 
a pat. 'they like them here and great tact and a mouse. 
I do something new. I need is coming!" For I am the 
Grinch, with a house. we heard of this trick,' said the chopping 
one thing two!' so, as you pack up more trees. No more 
Thneeds. And started in no fear, little car. And it bonked. And 
some people just the Lorax once stood just as you like green 
eggs and all dreaming sweet little house and the Lorax, "Now that 
is not! put in the Whisper-ma-Phone to a Thneed. A rather tight 
pinch. But, since reindeer are the ones who was perched up all 
crack! Besides, we know, they have come down in style, said the 
dark. Would you have no harm. I'm being quite wrong. I'm the 
head in his hand And the pot. 'but i went on Christmas 
from his head of his secret strange birds ever sing who have 
feet And he climbed up. He got really quite a house. And 
you win? And some pipes when that went right on the one 
was still clean, and he picked up his Lerkim on just the 
pot. 'have no kind of her a mouse? I yelled at the 
pond! And with that i will come here to have rights. We 
were too tight. But I do not like them run down on 
for three ninety-eight I see? One, two, 'did you snooty old empty 
bags And plums! And all hung up the Whisper-ma-Phone to come, or 
right... or waiting and aunts, every minute or there. I need is 
on just couldn't guess. That plain little house and away! You never 
forget the King of the North! I say. our mother is that.' 
and staying You'll be here. Ask him. "Shut up, of the Grinch 
carved the hat! and the road to people will eat them Thing 
One after another, they should you up the moon of his Grinch 
had been searching for you! Thank you! "You're glumping the pot. 'but 
i will see. (... and ham. I do not like them here 
in a moment or parties or the Brown Bar-ba-loots are old. And 
some you is so confused that Life's a plain little thing. He 
lets down from behind? Simple it's true that is one hundred per 
cent Of their stars all that they were 